📖 Update InfraCluster provider contract to account for the paused condition (#10519)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/providers/contracts/infra-cluster.md

Please note that the `Ready` condition is expected to surface the status of the InfraCluster during its own entire lifecycle,
including initial provisioning, the final deletion process, and the period in between these two moments.

> Provider implementers SHOULD implement `Status.Conditions[Paused]` to report if the cluster is paused. It should check if 'spec.paused' is set on the cluster, and for the paused annotation. Implementing this condition is currently optional, but we may revisit this in the future.

Reviewer: I think I would add a dedicated, optional rule for pause stating that
- providers SHOULD implement the pause behaviour for every object with a reconciliation loop (eg. pause machines when the cluster or the object is paused; pause does not makes sense for templates)
- if implementing the pause behaviour, providers SHOULD surface the pause status for an object with a condition

Also, let's be specific and name the annotation that trigger pause at object level

Author: Ok, I think I've updated as you've asked! PTAL :)

> Provider implementers SHOULD implement `Status.Conditions[Paused]` to report if the cluster or bootstrap resource is paused. It should check if 'spec.paused' is set on the cluster, and for the paused annotation on the resource. Implementing this condition is currently optional, but we may revisit this in the future.

Reviewer 2: Do you mean bootstrap resource in the first sentence?

</aside>

> ### InfraCluster: Pausing

Reviewer: Please link this rule from the table up at L44 on this page (you can add this as a new line at the end)

Author: I've added at the end, not sure if it should be underneath the other `InfraCluster: <foo>` lines though?

> Providers SHOULD implement the pause behaviour for every object with a reconciliation loop. This is done by checking if `spec.paused` is set, or for the paused annotation: `cluster.x-k8s.io/paused`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providers SHOULD implement the pause behaviour for every object with a reconciliation loop. This is done by checking if `spec.paused` is set on the Cluster object and by checking for the `cluster.x-k8s.io/paused` annotation on the InfraClusterObject.
```
